Update configuration doc (#129)
ResultadosDigitais/hellper: docs/CONFIGURING-GOOGLE.md

# Configuring Google

> This instructions guide will give your application permission to make a copy of the post-mortem doc template in your Google Drive when a new incident is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instructions' guide will give your application permission to make a copy of the post-mortem doc template in your Google Drive whenever a new incident is started.
```

```

### Enabling Google Calendar API

Access [API Library](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/calendar-json.googleapis.com), then click **Enable**.

### Obtain your Google Calendar's ID

If you don't need to create a new google calendar go to step 6, otherwise follow the instructions below.

1. On your computer, open [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com)

> 2. At the left, next to **Other calendars** click **Add other calendars**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the left, next to **Other calendars** click **Add other calendars**
```
